SUMMARY.md, before:

# GitHub Repository Setup - Summary

## What Has Been Done

1. **Repository Initialization**: The local git repository has already been initialized.
2. **README.md Created**: A comprehensive README.md file has been created with information about:
   - Project structure
   - Technology stack
   - Prerequisites
   - Running instructions
   - Development commands

3. **GitHub Setup Instructions**: A detailed GITHUB_SETUP.md file has been created with step-by-step instructions on:
   - Creating a new GitHub repository
   - Linking your local repository to GitHub
   - Committing your changes
   - Pushing your code to GitHub
   - Verifying your repository

4. **Files Added to Git**: The README.md and GITHUB_SETUP.md files have been added to git staging.

## Next Steps

To complete the GitHub repository setup, please follow these steps:

1. **Review the Files**:
   - Check the README.md to ensure it accurately describes your project
   - Review the GITHUB_SETUP.md for the detailed instructions

2. **Follow the GitHub Setup Instructions**:
   - Create a new GitHub repository (as described in GITHUB_SETUP.md)
   - Link your local repository to the GitHub repository
   - Commit all changes
   - Push your code to GitHub

3. **Additional Recommendations**:
   - Consider adding all remaining untracked files to git before committing
   - Review the .gitignore file to ensure it excludes appropriate files
   - Set up branch protection rules for your main branch
   - Configure GitHub Actions for CI/CD if needed

## Command Reference

To add all remaining files to git:
```bash
git add .
```

To commit all changes:
```bash
git commit -m "Initial commit"
```

To push to GitHub (after setting up the remote):
```bash
git push -u origin main
```

## Need Help?

If you encounter any issues during the GitHub repository setup, refer to:
- GitHub's documentation: https://docs.github.com/en
- Git documentation: https://git-scm.com/doc

Commit message:

docs(github): add semantic commits documentation

SUMMARY.md, after:

# GitHub Repository Setup - Summary

## What Has Been Done

1. **Repository Initialization**: The local git repository has already been initialized.
2. **README.md Created**: A comprehensive README.md file has been created with information about:
   - Project structure
   - Technology stack
   - Prerequisites
   - Running instructions
   - Development commands

3. **GitHub Setup Instructions**: A detailed GITHUB_SETUP.md file has been created with step-by-step instructions on:
   - Creating a new GitHub repository
   - Linking your local repository to GitHub
   - Committing your changes
   - Pushing your code to GitHub
   - Verifying your repository
   - Using semantic commits for clear and meaningful commit messages

4. **Files Added to Git**: The README.md and GITHUB_SETUP.md files have been added to git staging.

## Next Steps

To complete the GitHub repository setup, please follow these steps:

1. **Review the Files**:
   - Check the README.md to ensure it accurately describes your project
   - Review the GITHUB_SETUP.md for the detailed instructions

2. **Follow the GitHub Setup Instructions**:
   - Create a new GitHub repository (as described in GITHUB_SETUP.md)
   - Link your local repository to the GitHub repository
   - Commit all changes
   - Push your code to GitHub

3. **Additional Recommendations**:
   - Consider adding all remaining untracked files to git before committing
   - Review the .gitignore file to ensure it excludes appropriate files
   - Set up branch protection rules for your main branch
   - Configure GitHub Actions for CI/CD if needed

## Command Reference

To add all remaining files to git:
```bash
git add .
```

To commit all changes:
```bash
git commit -m "Initial commit"
```

To push to GitHub (after setting up the remote):
```bash
git push -u origin main
```

## Need Help?

If you encounter any issues during the GitHub repository setup, refer to:
- GitHub's documentation: https://docs.github.com/en
- Git documentation: https://git-scm.com/doc
